Improve documentation (#35)
simplificator/keycloak_oauth: README.md

Once authentication is performed, the access and refresh tokens are stored in the session and can be used in your app as wished. As the session can become larger than we can store in a cookie (`CookieOverflow` exception), we recommend to use [activerecord-session_store](https://github.com/rails/activerecord-session_store).

> If you are calling Keycloak in your `ApplicationController`, for exmaple, as a callback:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are calling Keycloak in your `ApplicationController`, for example, as a callback:
```

```ruby
  before_action :authenticate_with_keycloak

  def authenticate_with_keycloak
    unless session&.dig(:refresh_token).present? && session&.dig(:access_token).present?
      redirect_to KeycloakOauth.connection.authorization_endpoint(options: { redirect_uri: keycloak_oauth.oauth2_url })
    end
  end
```

> you may get into infinite loop issue, because  `KeycloakOauth::CallbacksController` also inherits from the `ApplicationController` and keeps redirecting to authentication endpoint. As a workaround you could call the Keycloak endpoint from the `BaseController`, that would inherit from `ApplicationController`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you may get into infinite loop issue, because  `KeycloakOauth::CallbacksController` also inherits from the `ApplicationController` and keeps redirecting to authentication endpoint. As a workaround, create a `BaseController` from which the controllers in your application inherit and move the `authenticate` callback to it.
```
